{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23500\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Request Headers \
Content-Type : Indicate the media type of the resources. The content-type header tells the client what the content type of the returned content actually is. \
Vary: The HTTP response header determines how to match future request headers to decide whether a cached response can be used rather than requesting a fresh one from the origin. \
Content-Encoding: entity header is used to compress the media-type. The value indicates which encodings were applied to the entity-body. \
Date: Contains the date and time at which the message was originated. \
Server: Describers the software used by the origin server that handled the request.\
Cache-Control: Holds directive instructions for catching in both requests and responses. \
X-XSS-Protection: A feature of Internet Explorer, Chrome and Safari that stops pages from loading when they are defect reflected cross-site scripting attacks.\
X-Frame-Options: Can be used to indicate whether or not a browser should be allowed to render a page in frame, iframe, ended, or object. \
X-Content-Type-Options: A marker used by the server to indicate that the MIME type advertised in the content-type headers should not be changed and be followed. \
Alt-Svc: Used to advertise alternative services through which the same resources can be reached. \
Transfer-Encoding: Header specifies the form of encoding used to safely transfer the payload body to the user }